ICTT Open sourcing (#49)
suzaku-network/suzaku-contracts-library: src/contracts/ICM/README.md

| - The amount of tokens to bridge        | - The address of the fee token                        |
| - The address of the receiver           | - The fallback receiver for multihop                  |
| - The fallback receiver for multihop    | - The amount of tokens to pay as the optional ICM fee |
| - The fee token to pay the relayer      | - The ICM fee for multihop (if any)                   |
| - The optional ICM fee                  |                                                       |
| - The ICM fee for multihop (if any)     |                                                       |
| `bridgeAndCallERC20()` adds:            | `bridgeAndCallNative()` adds:                         |
| - The function signature and params     | - The function signature and params                   |
| - The fallback receiver on failure      | - The fallback receiver on failure                    |
| - The gas amount for recipient contract | - The gas amount for recipient contract               |

> Note that the native function are `payable` meaning you will need to pass a `msg.value` when you call this function to indicate the amount to bridge.

## AvalancheICTTRouterFixedFees

> The flow of this router contract is globaly the same as `AvalancheICTTRouter` with the exception that the fees are fixed with this one. Meaning that the relayer fees are taken from the amount bridged and are chosen by the owner of the router when deploying it (it can always be modified later on by the owner by calling the function `updateRelayerFeesBips()`).

Author: ```suggestion
The flow of this router contract is essentially the same as `AvalancheICTTRouter` except that the relayer fees are fixed. This means that the relayer fees are taken from the tokens bridged in basis points and are set by the router's owner when deploying it (the fees can be modified by the owner by calling the function `updateRelayerFeesBips()`).
```

> To ensure that the amount bridged is enough to pay the relayer, the owner enforces a minimal fee value that will revert the bridge function if the amount is too small.

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure that the amount bridged is enough to pay the relayer, the owner sets a minimal fee value that will revert the bridge function if the amount is too small.
```

So 2 new inputs are added to the `registerDestinationTokenBridge()`:

> - The minimal amount of tokens to pay as the ICM fee
> - The minimal amount of tokens to pay for ICM fee if a multi-hop is needed

Author: ```suggestion
- The minimal amount of tokens to pay as the relayer fee
- The minimal amount of tokens to pay for relayer fee if a multi-hop is needed
```

> And the 2 ICM fees inputs from the bridge functions are removed in this contract.

Author: ```suggestion
The 2 relayer fee fields from the bridge functions are removed in this contract.
```
